Clarify role/scope of CFC, EGC and EGC membership (#87)
commonhaus/foundation-draft: bylaws/2-cf-membership.md

## Project Representation

> **Diverse Voices, Unified Decision-Making:** Each project within the Commonhaus Foundation (CF) has its unique perspective. To ensure all projects have a say in the foundation's direction, each one appoints a representative to the [Extended Governance Committee (EGC)][egc]. These representatives are chosen according to the project's governance practices and do not have to be general members.

Reviewer: > To ensure all projects have

"To ensure that every project has"

> each one

"each project"

> These representatives are chosen

The representative is chosen

Yeah yeah, I know, I'm _just_ sufficiently self-aware to know when I'm being completely anal.

Author: I will throw it back at you: use the +- button and actually make the suggestion I can merge. ;)

Reviewer: OMG where is this button I've been trying to find it for months I have seen people do this and it just looks like magic.

Reviewer: I found it. It's essentially an easter egg. I don't know why they didn't just protect it behind the konami code.

> **Diverse Voices, Unified Decision-Making:** Each project within the Commonhaus Foundation (CF) has its unique perspective. To ensure all projects have a say in the foundation's direction, each one appoints a representative to the [Extended Governance Committee (EGC)][egc]. These representatives are chosen according to the project's governance practices and do not have to be general members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Diverse Voices, Unified Decision-Making:** Each project within the Commonhaus Foundation (CF) has its unique perspective, and its own legitimate interests in decisions taken by the foundation as a whole. To ensure that every project has a say in the direction of the foundation, each project appoints a representative to the [Extended Governance Committee (EGC)][egc]. The representative is chosen according to the project's own governance practices. The representative is not required to have or maintain general membership of the foundation.
```

**Dedicated Representation:** If an EGC representative is also elected to the [CF Council (CFC)][cfc], we recommend appointing an additional representative for the EGC. This helps maintain a focused approach to both specific project needs and the broader objectives of the CF.

> [!NOTE]
> An EGC member does not have to be a general CF member.

> > They are appointed by a project to represent its interests in [Foundation governance][governance].

Reviewer: "They" -> "EGC members", since "they" is ambiguous here.

Author: I smashed this note into the paragraph above. It eliminates the vague "they" .. I believe it works better.

## General Members

**Join as an individual.** Membership to the CF is open to all individuals who share our mission and meet the outlined eligibility criteria[^3].

- **Eligibility Criteria**: Eligibility requires active and meaningful engagement with CF or its projects for at least three months.
    Meaningful contributions include commits and merged pull requests (code, documentation, or applications for demonstration, education, or advocacy), or triage, maintainer or moderator roles for CF project repositories.

> - **Application Process:** Submit an application to formalize membership (*details TBD*).

Reviewer: I wonder is this list should explicitly call out "user support" (i.e. answering questions) as a meaningful contribution.

Author: how about that?

Reviewer: Yeah. Do you _agree_ that this can be a "meaningful contribution"?
